 2.An air transportation company wants to buy 3 types of planes, with an acquisition budget of 5000 units.
  Each type of plane has the following features of interest:
  a. Cost: 100 units, autonomy: 6000km, TCAS detection range: 30km.
  b. Cost: 60 units, autonomy: 4200km, TCAS detection range: 48km.
  c. Cost: 50 units, autonomy: 2800km, TCAS detection range: 32 km.
   Determine how many aircrafts of each type should be bought such that
   o Total cost is not above budget,
    o Average autonomy is maximized,
    o Average TCAS detection range is at least 40 km.
    Notes: 1. if the number of planes bought from each type is denoted as a, b and c,
    then the average autonomy is  6000∙𝑎+4200∙𝑏+2800∙𝑐 𝑎+𝑏+𝑐 average TCAS detection range is  30∙𝑎+48∙𝑏+32∙𝑐 𝑎+𝑏+𝑐 .
    2. The problem can be solved in two versions: consider only the restriction above,
     or consider an additional restriction that requires to spend the budget (do not leave unspent money, if they are enough to buy more planes)

--the phenotype:the actual nr of palnes that they bought
--genotype: a vector [a,b,c] where a is the nr of planes type a,
 b the nr planes type b, c nr of planes type c
 each gene represents the count of a specific plane
 --solution space:all possible combinations [a,b,c] such that the total cost
 is within the budget
 --model:a GA to maximize thr average autonomy while TCAS range constraint is met
 --objective function: calculate the total cost,average autonomy and TCAS;
 maximize the average autonomy while keeping the total cost within the budget and
  TCAS is at least 40 km
  --single-point crossover(r_unipunct): select a random point and the elements after that point are exchanged between 2 parents
  combine 2 parents to create new offsrping
  --permutation isertion mutation(m_perm_inserare): select randmoly 2 points in the chromosome and move
  the gene at the second point to immediately after first point
  use this for better solutions
  --parent selection: torunament selection(s_turneu2): select randomly pairs of individuals from the popualtion
  and choose the better one from each pair.
  better individuals have a higher chance to be selected
  --elitist selection for next geneartion(s_elitista): the best individual from the current population is carried
  over the next population ; quality solution doesn't decrease over generations
  --termination condition: the algorithm turns a fixed nr of generations whcih is specified by the user